# PRIVACY POLICY – GRAFIA.INK

1.	This Privacy Policy sets out how we will treat the personal information which you provide to us while using the webService located at [grafia.ink](https://grafia.ink/) and/or the mobile device application known as GRAFIA.INK (together, the “Service”) and/or the services provided from it (the “Services”). You are deemed to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy on your first use of the Service. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and such changes shall be effective from the date and time the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Service. The Service, together with all its content is owned or controlled by **GRAFIYA OOO**, with office at [123154, Russia, Moscow, Marshala Tukhachevskogo, 33, 268]. GRAFIYA OOO is referred to in these terms and conditions as "we", "us", "our" or “GRAFIA.INK”.

2.	To provide the Service and the Services, it is necessary for us to hold and process certain personal information. Please note that we sometimes obtain additional information about you, such as your demographic and lifestyle information, from other sources. We take reasonable care in keeping this information secure and preventing any unauthorised access or unlawful use of it. All personal information is processed by us in accordance with data protection legislation applicable in Russia.

3.	From time to time, we may collect or ask you to provide information such as your name, address, date of birth, gender, geographical location, email address, mobile phone number, IP address, web-browser details, operating system details, and/or your activities on the Service. This information will be stored together with any additional information you may provide to us from time to time, and will be used to provide you with the Services and other services associated with them. We may also use your personal information to analyse use of the Service and/or to keep you up-to-date with other products and services, which we think may be of interest to you. We do not share your information with, or sell it to, other marketers without your permission. We may share your information with affiliates as well as vendors we've hired to assist in providing products and services.

4.	We will only keep your personal information for as long as is necessary. We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale of certain divisions or the transfer of control of certain divisions to other parties. Data provided by users will, where relevant, be transferred and the new owner or new controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use such data for the purposes for which it was supplied by you.

5.	We may use 'cookies' while you access the Service to avoid the need to re-enter details on different occasions. If you do not wish to receive ‘cookies’, you may change the settings on your computer or browser accordingly.

6.	Please note that, from time to time, we may transfer your personal data for internal business purposes to locations outside the Russian Federation, some of which may have different data protection laws to the Russian Federation, or no data protection laws. Note that in respect of information transmitted to the European Economic Area or/and US, we shall only transmit such information to entities that comply with suitable policies.

7.	If you do not want us to retain or use your personal information in any way, please do not provide the data to us or, if you have already provided personal information and wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us via <mail@grafia.ink>.

8.	If you have any queries about this Privacy Policy or wish to resume receiving information which you may have previously opted-out of receiving, please contact us at please contact us via <mail@grafia.ink> or GRAFIYA OOO [123154, Russia, Moscow, Marshala Tukhachevskogo, 33, 268].
